Fix APIs in the FLIP (#142)
onflow/flips: application/20230522-pool-based-dex.md

    /// - If the provided path doesn’t exists then the swap would fail.
    ///
    /// @param sourceToTargetTokenPath:   Off-chain computed path for reaching source token to target token
    ///                                   `sourceToTargetTokenPath[0]` should be the source token type while
    ///                                   `sourceToTargetTokenPath[sourceToTargetTokenPath.length - 1]` should be the target token
    ///                                    and all the remaining intermediaries token types would be necessary swap hops to swap the
    ///                                    source token with target token.
    /// @param sourceVault:                Vault that holds the source token.
    /// @param minimumTargetTokenAmount:   Minimum amount expected from the swap, If swapped amount is less than `minimumTargetTokenAmount`
    ///                                    then function execution would throw a error.
    /// @param expiry:                     Unix timestamp after which trade would get invalidated.
    /// @param recipient:                  A valid capability that receives target token after the completion of function execution.

>     /// @return receivedTargetTokenAmount: Amount of tokens user would received after the swap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @return receivedTargetTokenAmount: Amount of tokens the user would receive after the swap
```

	pub fun swapExactSourceToTargetTokenUsingPath(
		sourceToTargetTokenPath: [Type],
		sourceVault: @FungibleToken.Vault,
		minimumTargetTokenAmount: UFix64,
		expiry: UFix64,
		recipient: Capability<&{FungibleToken.Receiver}>,
	): UFix64
    {
        pre {
            expiry >= getCurrentBlock().timestamp : "Expired swap request"
            recipient.check() : "Provided recipient capability can not be borrowed"
            sourceToTargetTokenPath.length >= 2 : "Incorrect source to target token path"
            sourceVault.balance > 0.0 : "Swap is not permitted for zero source vault balance"
        }
        post {

>             result >= minimumTargetTokenAmount: "Minimum target token amount have not received during the swap"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            result >= minimumTargetTokenAmount: "Minimum target token amount was not received during the swap"
```

        }
    }

>     /// @notice It will Swap the exact source token for to target token and          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @notice This will swap the exact source token for the target token and          
```

    /// return `FungibleToken.Vault`
    ///
    /// If the user wants to swap USDC to FLOW then the
    /// sourceToTargetTokenPath is [Type<USDC>, Type<FLOW>] and
    /// USDC would be the source token.
    /// 

>     /// This function would be more useful when smart contract is the function call initiator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// This function would be more useful when a smart contract is the function call initiator
```

    ///   greater than or equal to `minimumTargetTokenAmount`, otherwise swap would fail
    /// - If the swap settlement time i.e getCurrentBlock().timestamp is less than or equal to the provided expiry then the swap would fail
    /// - If the provided path doesn’t exists then the swap would fail.
    ///
    /// @param sourceToTargetTokenPath:  Off-chain computed path for reaching source token to target token
    ///                                 `sourceToTargetTokenPath[0]` should be the source token type while
    ///                                 `sourceToTargetTokenPath[sourceToTargetTokenPath.length - 1]` should be the target token
    ///                                  and all the remaining intermediaries token types would be necessary swap hops to swap the
    ///                                  source token with target token.
    /// @param sourceVault:              Vault that holds the source token.
    /// @param minimumTargetTokenAmount: Minimum amount expected from the swap, If swapped amount is less than `minimumTargetTokenAmount`
    ///                                  then function execution would throw a error.

>     /// @param expiry:                   Unix timestamp after which trade would get invalidated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @param expiry:                   Unix timestamp after which the trade would get invalidated.
```

    /// @return A valid vault that holds target token and an optional vault that may hold leftover source tokens.
	pub fun swapExactSourceToTargetTokenUsingPathAndReturn(
		sourceToTargetTokenPath: [Type],
		sourceVault: @FungibleToken.Vault,
		minimumTargetTokenAmount: UFix64,
		expiry: UFix64
	): @FungibleToken.Vault {
        pre {
            expiry >= getCurrentBlock().timestamp : "Expired swap request"
            sourceToTargetTokenPath.length >= 2 : "Incorrect source to target token path"
            sourceVault.balance > 0.0 : "Swap is not permitted for zero source vault balance"
        }
        post {
            result.balance >= minimumTargetTokenAmount : "Unable to perform exact source to target token swap"
        } 
    }

>     /// @notice It will Swap the source token for the target token while expected targetToken amount would be fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @notice This will Swap the source token for the target token while expected targetToken amount would be fixed
```

    /// @param expiry:                     Unix timestamp after which trade would get invalidated.
    /// @param recipient:                  A valid capability that receives target token after the completion of function execution.
    /// @param remainingSourceTokenRecipient: A valid capability that receives surplus source token after the completion of function execution.
	pub fun swapSourceToExactTargetTokenUsingPath(
		sourceToTargetTokenPath: [Type],
		sourceVault: @FungibleToken.Vault,
		exactTargetAmount: UFix64,
		expiry: UFix64,
		recipient: Capability<&{FungibleToken.Receiver}>,
        remainingSourceTokenRecipient: Capability<&{FungibleToken.Receiver}>
	): UFix64
    {
        pre {
            expiry >= getCurrentBlock().timestamp : "Expired swap request"
            recipient.check() : "Provided recipient capability can not be borrowed"
            remainingSourceTokenRecipient.check() : "Provided remaining source token recipient capability can not be borrowed"
            sourceToTargetTokenPath.length >= 2 : "Incorrect source to target token path"
            sourceVault.balance > 0.0 : "Swap is not permitted for zero source vault balance"
        }
        post {

>             result == exactTargetAmount: "Unable to perform source to exact target token swap"

Reviewer: maybe a more clear error message here?

            sourceVault.balance > 0.0 : "Swap is not permitted for zero source vault balance"
        }
        post {

>             result.targetTokenVault.balance == exactTargetAmount : "Unable to perform source to exact target token swap"

Reviewer: another clearer error message here hopefully
